 Welcome to the event, scientific methodology and soft skills in the research and engineering field.  In this little audio commentary, I would like to give you some organizational introduction information about the event,  in addition to the slides that you can already find on stud.ip.  Yes, maybe first briefly about the process.  So the event is held in a slightly different format than the normal presence lectures.  is not a professional event, but rather that you get to know the soft skills and skills  that you can use in a wide range of applications.  For example, if you are writing a final work or if you have to make a presentation,  then you should get information and instructions and ideas  that you can use later when you need them.  So, long story short, what is it about? You get  different, to different topics complexes appropriate  Folie sets provided with small audio comments to  deepening, but of course you can also just look through the  Folies once or save them somewhere.  The audios, I just tell you a little bit more about it.  On the foil it says that it is really provided, but I  switch everything to semester start directly free.  That means, so you can think for yourself, whether you  units or if they have a lot of time at the beginning of the semester,  that will be a one-off, you have to look at everything and then you have more time in the semester.  So I'll leave that to you. If you go to the weekly doctorate,  then these are smaller and smaller learning units, so you can lead yourself to  On the other hand, every two weeks on Thursdays,  you have the opportunity to discuss online with me  during the original reading time.  And the whole thing is about Cisco WebEx Meeting.  You can find the login data on Stutt.IP.  And there you can ask questions about the content,  or if you have a specific question,  write to the final work or something.  So, whatever interests you.  or to send in questions or requests about what I should talk about  when I need a little more preparation time.  Otherwise, I just have to ask questions.  The first term starts in the second week of the lecture,  or is in the second week of the lecture time,  that means on the 20th of April, at 12.  And then there are other terms in the semester, as I said.  There is a deviation of 14-day rhythm,  which has to do with a business trip,  the execution week, so there is a slightly longer gap from May to June.  But these are the planned dates.  If you have any questions in between and something is pressing you,  you can send me an email anytime and then you will get a reply very timely.  Then of course the question is what performance can be achieved.  So right away, there is no examination in this event.  that can be obtained during the semester.  We have eight topics in this event.  And each topic is a final quiz on StudiIP.  This is an ILYAS test.  But here I am very humane.  You can repeat the test as many times as you like.  You have to pass it once.  And you can also do it completely with the documents.  The only condition is that you have to do it until the end of the lecture time.  or in this semester, the 23rd, 7th, 20th, 23rd, midnight,  have passed.  After that, the participation is no longer possible.  So that's a tough criterion, there is no deviation from it.  The second thing to do in the semester is a homework,  namely the scientific writing.  You are allowed to write an abstract there.  That has a scope of a maximum of 600 words.  And please submit that as a PDF with me.  In the appropriate folder on StudIP, a format is provided,  both in Word and in LaTeX.  There is also an example abstract and a PDF with detailed information  on how to capture this abstract, what to consider there  and also errors from earlier rounds.  I do this every semester.  Just take a close look at it  You can choose the topic of the abstract completely freely.  I also go into the files that belong to it.  You can either write something about a hobby, about a final work, about a practice.  I have read a lot of electrical engineering basic practices of abstracts myself.  So you can just choose something completely freely or you can also use a foreign work and write an abstract about it.  As I said, that's all explained in the relevant files.  content at the end, but rather that you just see how such an abstract is built up,  play through it yourself and just get to know the fall lines, what is  all about in terms of science. I'm a little bit  lost, so you need the eight ILYAS tests to pass this event  until the end of the reading time and the abstract. And this can be submitted in the semester.  There is an folder on StudIP where you upload this abstract.  Accordingly, with your name and your number, everything is in information.  If you have played through all this, then the event can be completed successfully  and you will receive a certificate.  As soon as the question arises, there is both the pre-reading and the practice of scientific methodics on StudIP.  I will not play the practice of this event.  and you will receive all information only about the lecture.  Other than that, information is shared via Stud.IP, announcements,  round-mails and also verbally in the online discussion rounds.  And there is also a reminder for the abstract or similar things.  And with that I am done with my introduction.  I will close with a small overview of the topics of the lecture.  first of all, look at the scientific behavior, ask questions about scientific  advisability. Then it would be about dealing with scientific literature,  so where do I research, what types of literature are there and how can I  work with them. We look at how to plan and evaluate experiments scientifically  well. It will be about scientific writing and presenting.  And then it goes a little more into the soft skills, namely time and self-management  conflict management because these are very important things.  Especially time and self-management, I see that again and again at this event,  that it often sticks when it comes to the issue of abstracts.  And we also take a little look at the protection law,  i.e. the basics of patent law.  Now I'm really at the end and I'm looking forward to your participation in this event. 